* Source: https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/ScriptReference/LightingSettings-realtimeEnvironmentLighting.html

#  [LightingSettings](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/ScriptReference/LightingSettings.html).realtimeEnvironmentLighting
Leave feedback
Suggest a change
## Success!
Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our users and will make updates where applicable.
Close
## Submission failed
For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us improve the quality of Unity Documentation.
Close
Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion
Cancel
[Switch to Manual](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html "Go to LightingSettings Component in the Manual")
realtimeEnvironmentLighting; 
### Description
Determines the lightmap that Unity stores environment lighting in.
Use this option to specify which type of lightmap contains the environment lighting, when your Scene uses both the Baked Global Illumination system and the Enlighten Realtime Global Illumination system.  
  
When this is set to `true`, Unity stores environment lighting in real-time lightmaps. When this is set to `false`, Unity stores environment lighting data in baked lightmaps.  
  
This setting affects lightmaps generated by the Baked Global Illumination system and the Enlighten Realtime Global Illumination system.  
  
When Unity serializes this `LightingSettings` object as a [Lighting Settings Asset](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html), this property corresponds to the **Realtime Environment Lighting** property in the Lighting Settings Asset Inspector.  
  
Additional resources: [Lighting Settings Asset](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html).
* * *
