* Source: https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/ScriptReference/LightingSettings-prioritizeView.html

#  [LightingSettings](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/ScriptReference/LightingSettings.html).prioritizeView
Leave feedback
Suggest a change
## Success!
Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our users and will make updates where applicable.
Close
## Submission failed
For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us improve the quality of Unity Documentation.
Close
Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion
Cancel
[Switch to Manual](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html "Go to LightingSettings Component in the Manual")
prioritizeView; 
### Description
Whether the Progressive Lightmapper prioritizes baking visible texels within the frustum of the Scene view. (Editor only).
When this is set to `true`, the Progressive Lightmapper prioritizes baking texels within the Scene View. When set to `false`, all lightmapped texels throughout the Scene have the same priority. .  
  
Enabling this feature means that the lightmapper will attempt to finish visible lightmap texels within the frustum of the Scene View camera before work begins on the rest of the Scene. This helps provide faster visual feedback, however it may increase the overall bake time.The default value is true.  
  
This setting affects lightmaps generated by the Baked Global Illumination system. It only applies to the the Progressive Lightmapper.  
  
When Unity serializes this `LightingSettings` object as a [Lighting Settings Asset](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html), this property corresponds to the **Progressive Updates** property in the Lighting Settings Asset Inspector.  
  
Additional resources: [Lighting Settings Asset](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html).
* * *
