* Source: https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/ScriptReference/LightingSettings-aoExponentDirect.html

#  [LightingSettings](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/ScriptReference/LightingSettings.html).aoExponentDirect
Leave feedback
Suggest a change
## Success!
Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our users and will make updates where applicable.
Close
## Submission failed
For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us improve the quality of Unity Documentation.
Close
Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion
Cancel
[Switch to Manual](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html "Go to LightingSettings Component in the Manual")
aoExponentDirect; 
### Description
Determines the degree to which direct lighting is considered when calculating ambient occlusion in lightmaps. (Editor only).
Ambient occlusion (AO) is an effect that approximates how much ambient light a given point on a surface receives. When you apply AO to a Scene, areas of concavity - such as creases, holes and adjacent surfaces - appear darker.  
  
This property determines how much direct lighting contributes to ambient occlusion calculations. Note that AO using direct lighting is not correct; the effect is intended to give the impression of occlusion from indirect lighting which is more diffuse. However it a can be used to achieve specific art styles.  
  
The range is 0 through 10. The default value is 0. Higher values result in occluded areas becoming increasingly darker.  
  
This setting affects lightmaps generated by the Baked Global Illumination system. Note that this property relates only to baked AO, and has no effect on any real-time AO post-processing effects.  
  
When Unity serializes this `LightingSettings` object as a [Lighting Settings Asset](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html), this property corresponds to the **Ambient Occlusion > Direct Contribution** property in the Lighting Settings Asset Inspector.  
  
Additional resources: [Lighting Settings Asset](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html), [aoExponentIndirect](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/ScriptReference/LightingSettings-aoExponentIndirect.html).
* * *
