* Source: https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/ScriptReference/LightingSettings-aoMaxDistance.html

#  [LightingSettings](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/ScriptReference/LightingSettings.html).aoMaxDistance
Leave feedback
Suggest a change
## Success!
Thank you for helping us improve the quality of Unity Documentation. Although we cannot accept all submissions, we do read each suggested change from our users and will make updates where applicable.
Close
## Submission failed
For some reason your suggested change could not be submitted. Please <a>try again</a> in a few minutes. And thank you for taking the time to help us improve the quality of Unity Documentation.
Close
Your name Your email Suggestion* Submit suggestion
Cancel
[Switch to Manual](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html "Go to LightingSettings Component in the Manual")
aoMaxDistance; 
### Description
The distance that a ray travels before Unity considers it to be unoccluded when calculating ambient occlusion in lightmaps. (Editor only).
Ambient occlusion (AO) is an effect that approximates how much ambient light a given point on a surface receives. When you apply AO to a Scene, areas of concavity - such as creases, holes and adjacent surfaces - appear darker.  
  
Unity calculates AO by casting rays in a hemisphere from lightmapped texels. This value determines the length that a ray travels before Unity considers it to be unoccluded.  
  
Larger values produce longer rays, which increases the search radius. This means that wider areas of concavity will appear darker. Lower values produce shorter rays, which means that areas of concavity must be tighter in order to appear darker. A value of 0 produces an infinitely long ray, meaning all geometry is considered. The default value is 1.  
  
This setting affects lightmaps generated by the Baked Global Illumination system. Note that this property relates only to baked AO, and has no effect on any real-time AO post-processing effects.  
  
When Unity serializes this `LightingSettings` object as a [Lighting Settings Asset](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html), this property corresponds to the **Max Distance** property in the Lighting Settings Asset Inspector.  
  
Additional resources: [Lighting Settings Asset](https://docs.unity3d.com/6000.0/Documentation/Manual/class-LightingSettings.html).
* * *
